Re-introduce `build` option back, but make it configurable so that (#1067)
intuit/auto: plugins/gradle/README.md

### Configure `snapshotSuffix`

This plugin will use the `snapshotSuffix` in `gradle.properties` or `build.gradle` if configured.

### Build After Version Bump Automatically

> This plugin will allow build to occur in-line for native apps versus libraries.  It

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This plugin can also run a build during the release to help version native apps versus libraries.  It
```
